MAGFest (Music and Gaming Festival) is a four day-long event dedicated to
the appreciation of video game music, gaming of all types, and the gaming community that took place
in Maryland in January 2018. When asked what keeps them coming back, some said the concerts, some
said the cosplay, many said the fact that it’s a twenty-four hour show where you could play video
games at 4 in the morning. A lot of people come with their friends every year. Some have moved away
and still travel back every year for the festival.

Clearly MAGFest is a special event and an important community for many.
At Uplift we understand the power of communities and work with organizers like MAGFest to ensure
that these important communities are safe for everyone. With this in mind, we conducted a survey of
MAGFest 2018 attendees on safety and inclusion.



Tekko (formerly Tekkoshocon) is an annual four-day convention that takes place 
at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Mainly dedicated
to the appreciation of anime, this event includes anime viewings, concerts, cosplay 
masquerades and competitions, dancing, fashion shows, and gaming. 

At Uplift we understand the power of communities and work with organizers like Tekko to ensure
that these important communities are safe for everyone. With this in mind, here is our survey of the 
Tekko 2017 attendees on safety and inclusion.


In celebration of ten years of Vlogbrothers and the Nerdfighteria community, Nerdfighters from all over the world gathered in Boston, MA for a weekend celebrating the wonderful community John and Hank Green have created. Thanks to the hard work of staff, volunteers, and members of the community, it was a memorable weekend, but unfortunately not everyone felt safe and included.

Uplift attended the conference, presenting a workshop on being a leader in online communities, handing out convention safety cards, demonstrating our Chrome extension that blocks harassing content from social media, and collecting data for our project Elephant At The Con.

VidCon is a multi-genre online video conference, held annually in Southern California since 2010. This convention is one of the largest and most long-standing of its kind in the world, gathering thousands of online video creators, viewers, and industry representatives.

At Uplift we understand the power of communities and work with organizers like VidCon to ensure
that these important communities are safe for everyone. With this in mind, here is our survey of the 
VidCon 2017 attendees on safety and inclusion.



GeekyCon targets the online fandoms of Doctor Who, Supernatural, Glee, Marvel Cinematic Universe, and Disney.

At GeekyCon this year, Uplift volunteers educated attendees on our organization’s mission, offered resources about consent, healthy relationships, and con safety. We also spoke with attendees about their experience at the con. The stories, recorded in our Elephant At the Con survey, are shared below.